fix: update tutorials anchor styles (#469)
hashicorp/dev-portal: src/components/inline-link/docs.mdx

| ------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ------------- | ------------------- |
| `className`  | A string of one or more class names. Applied last to the rendered `<a>` element. | No        | undefined     | string              |
| `href`       | The destination of the link.                                                     | Yes       | N/A           | string              |

> | `children`   | The anchor text to render within the link.                                       | Yes       | N/A           | ReactNode           |

Reviewer: 🚧 Can this be updated for accuracy and to still mention `<a>` element? The latter was originally done to make it clear the exact element that is rendered.

```suggestion
| `children`   | The content to render within the `<a>` element.                                  | Yes       | N/A           | ReactNode           |
```

## Playground

<LiveComponent>{`
<InlineLink href="/" textWeight="medium">link to home</InlineLink>
`}</LiveComponent>

## Examples

### Inline with other text

<LiveComponent>{`
<p>This is some text with a link <InlineLink href="/">link to home</InlineLink>. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.</p>
`}</LiveComponent>

### Different `textSize` values

<LiveComponent>{`
<>
  <InlineLink href="/" textSize={100}>link with size=100</InlineLink>
  <br />
  <InlineLink href="/" textSize={200}>link with size=200</InlineLink>
  <br />
  <InlineLink href="/" textSize={300}>link with size=300</InlineLink>
</>
`}</LiveComponent>

### Different `textWeight` values

<LiveComponent>{`
<>
  <InlineLink href="/" textWeight="regular">link with textWeight=regular</InlineLink>
  <br />
  <InlineLink href="/" textWeight="medium">link with textWeight=medium</InlineLink>
  <br />
  <InlineLink href="/" textWeight="semibold">link with textWeight=semibold</InlineLink>
  <br />
  <InlineLink href="/" textWeight="bold">link with textWeight=bold</InlineLink>
</>

> `}</LiveComponent>{' '}

Reviewer: 🙋🏻 Was this change intentional?
